Overview ng WWW (10 Objectives), 
	1)It is a Web crawler application which performs Web Indexing to obtain all of the 
	information for a certain topic in the Web.
	2)It hosts/houses electronic resources.
	3)Who invented the World Wide Web?
	4)It is a typical tool used to interact with the Web.
	5&6) What are the the two forms of Application?
	7)It is a collection of Web resources and applications that serves as a tool for users to share and obtain information through
	the Internet
	8)It serves nas a medium between the Web and the Web browser.
	9)A type of website that generates or displays information that varies and dependes on the client.
	10)A type of website where the information that is displayed does not change or alter.

HTTP(15 objectives)
	1)It serves as a tool that allows Web Servers and Web browsers to communicate in such a way that Web Servers are able to
	understand requests given by the Web Browser.
	2)A protocol wherein the Client initiates the transmission of Web resources by sending a request to the server.
	3)It is used to identify the data type of the information being sent.
	4)It allows Servers to specify who can access the Web resources (Authentication) and the level of privileges the 
	Clients can do to the Website (Authorization).
	5)An HTTP method that echoes the contend of the Client's request.
	6)An HTTP method that allows Clients to send an information to the Web Server.
	7)An HTTP method that creates connection to the Server identified by the given URI.
	8)It already supports data compression wherein content of the message body 
	can already be compressed to enhance speed.
	9)A method property that indicates no changes are done in the state of the Server.
	10)Allows respnses to be stored in the methods for future use.
	11)It contains information regarding the message body (i.e., content-length, MIME Types).
	12)It contains information of the requested resource.
	13)It includes additional information regarding the Client.
	14)It contains the content the Client wants to upload or send to the server 
	(This is commonly used with the use of POST method).
	15)A code used to indicate the status of the Client’s request.
	
HTML (10 objectives, 5 coding)
	1)A language used to mark-up documents in the World Wide Web.
	2)An easily parsed structure that allows users to create their own tags.
	3)Who edited the first draft of HTML 5?
	4)It is intended for providing accessibility.
	5)Attributes can be used by any HTML element.
	6)It is commonly used as an escape sequence.
	7)It forbids the use of deprecated elements.
	8)It allows deprecated elements for backward compatibility.
	9)It can be used in creating own attributes which is then referenced to a script. 
	10)It is strictly formatted as XML.
	
	
	Coding:
	1)Using the body element,add the following code between your opening and closing body tags.
			<p>TechWeb!</p>
	2)Add the following list items to the ordered list:
		-HTML
		-CSS
		-JavaScript
		-PHP
	3)Add the following list items to the unordered list:
		-HTML
		-CSS
		-JavaScript
		-PHP
	4)HTML DOCTYPE Declaration.
	5)Basic structure of an HTML Document.
	
CSS (5 objectives, 10 coding - kahit yung iba, fill in the blanks), 
JS (10 objectives, 5 coding)