
Each Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) message is either a request
   or a response.  A server listens on a connection for a request,
   parses each message received, interprets the message semantics in
   relation to the identified request target, and responds to that
   request with one or more response messages.  A client constructs
   request messages to communicate specific intentions, examines
   received responses to see if the intentions were carried out, and
   determines how to interpret the results. 

The target of an HTTP request is called a "resource".  HTTP does not
   limit the nature of a resource; it merely defines an interface that
   might be used to interact with resources.

For the purposes of HTTP, a "representation" is information that is
   intended to reflect a past, current, or desired state of a given
   resource, in a format that can be readily communicated via the
   protocol, and that consists of a set of representation metadata and a
   potentially unbounded stream of representation data.

HTTP uses Internet media types in the Content-Type and Accept header fields in order
   to provide open and extensible data typing and type negotiation.
   Media types define both a data format and various processing models:
   how to process that data in accordance with each context in which it
   is received.

https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231


HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) is the set of rules for transferring files (text, graphic images, sound, 
video, and other multimedia files) on the World Wide Web. 
As soon as a Web user opens their Web browser, the user is indirectly making use of HTTP. 
HTTP is an application protocol that runs on top of the TCP/IP suite of protocols (the foundation protocols for the Internet).

http://searchwindevelopment.techtarget.com/definition/HTTP


HTTP means HyperText Transfer Protocol. HTTP is the underlying protocol used by the World Wide Web and 
this protocol defines how messages are formatted and transmitted, and what actions Web servers and browsers 
should take in response to various commands.

For example, when you enter a URL in your browser, this actually sends an HTTP command to the Web server 
directing it to fetch and transmit the requested Web page. The other main standard that controls 
how the World Wide Web works is HTML, which covers how Web pages are formatted and displayed.

https://www.webopedia.com/TERM/H/HTTP.html


