The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is an application-level protocol for distributed, collaborative, hypermedia information systems. 

HTTP has been in use by the World-Wide Web global information initiative since 1990. The first version of HTTP, 
referred to as HTTP/0.9, was a simple protocol for raw data transfer across the Internet. HTTP/1.0, as defined by RFC 1945, 
improved the protocol by allowing messages to be in the format of MIME-like messages, containing metainformation about the data transferred 
and modifiers on the request/response semantics. However, HTTP/1.0 does not sufficiently take into consideration the effects of hierarchical proxies, 
caching, the need for persistent connections, or virtual hosts. In addition, the proliferation of incompletely-implemented applications calling themselves 
"HTTP/1.0" has necessitated a protocol version change in order for two communicating applications to determine each other's true capabilities.

Practical information systems require more functionality than simple retrieval, including search, front-end update, and annotation. HTTP allows an open-ended set of methods and headers that indicate the purpose of a request.
It builds on the discipline of reference provided by the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI), as a location (URL) or name (URN), for indicating the resource to which a
method is to be applied. Messages are passed in a format similar to that used by Internet mail as defined by the Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (MIME).

HTTP is also used as a generic protocol for communication between user agents and proxies/gateways to other Internet systems, including those supported by the SMTP(simple mail transfer protocol), NNTP (network news transfer protocol), FTP (file transfer protocol), Gopher (a distributed document search and retrieval protocol), and WAIS protocols. 
In this way, HTTP allows basic hypermedia access to resources available from diverse applications.

https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec1.html